.gitattributes
.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yaml
LICENSE.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
cla-1.0.md
pyproject.toml
sign-cla.md
.github/pull_request_template.md
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
.github/workflows/deploy-books.yml
.github/workflows/publish-to-pypi.yml
.github/workflows/pytest.yml
TEMP/.gitignore
contributors/markcampanelli.md
contributors/martin-springer.md
contributors/mcbrown042.md
contributors/shirubana.md
contributors/tobin-ford.md
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/source/api.rst
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/sg_execution_times.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.collection.calculate_jsc_from_tau_cp.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.collection.calculate_jsc_from_tau_iqe.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.collection.collection_probability.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.collection.generation_current.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.collection.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.IwaArrhenius.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.IwaVantHoff.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.arrhenius_deg.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.degradation.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.vantHoff_deg.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.degradation.vecArrhenius.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.design.edge_seal_ingress_rate.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.design.edge_seal_width.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.design.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.fatigue.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.fatigue.solder_fatigue.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.analysis.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.apply_bounding_box.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.auto_template.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.calc_block.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.calc_gid.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.can_auto_template.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.elevation_stochastic_downselect.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.feature_downselect.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.identify_mountains_radii.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.identify_mountains_weights.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.interpolate_analysis.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.meta_KDtree.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.output_template.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.plot_Europe.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.plot_USA.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.plot_sparse_analysis.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.plot_sparse_analysis_land.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.start_dask.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.template_parameters.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.geospatial.zero_template.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.Ce_numba.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.back_encap.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.backsheet.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.backsheet_from_encap.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.dew_yield.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.front_encap.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.module.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.psat.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.run_module.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.humidity.surface_outside.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_device_params.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_dn.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_energy_loss.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_injection_outdoors.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_letid_lab.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_letid_outdoors.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_ndd.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_pmp_loss_from_tau_loss.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_regeneration_time.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.calc_voc_from_tau.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.carrier_factor.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.carrier_factor_wafer.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.convert_i_to_v.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.ff_green.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.j0_gray.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.k_ij.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.letid.tau_now.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.montecarlo.generateCorrelatedSamples.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.montecarlo.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.montecarlo.simulate.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.scenario.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.spectral.poa_irradiance.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.spectral.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.spectral.solar_position.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.T98_estimate.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.calc_standoff.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.eff_gap.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.eff_gap_parameters.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.interpret_standoff.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.run_calc_standoff.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.standoff.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.standards.standoff_x.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.symbolic.calc_df_symbolic.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.symbolic.calc_kwarg_floats.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.symbolic.calc_kwarg_timeseries.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.symbolic.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.temperature.cell.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.temperature.map_model.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.temperature.module.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.temperature.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.temperature.temperature.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.add_time_columns_tmy.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.compare_templates.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.convert_tmy.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.display_json.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.fix_metadata.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.geospatial_from_csv.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.get_kinetics.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.get_state_bbox.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.gid_downsampling.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.linear_normalize.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.merge_sparse.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.meta_as_dict.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.new_id.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.nrel_kestrel_check.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.quantile_df.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.read_material.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.remove_scenario_filetrees.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.restore_gids.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.search_json.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.strip_normalize_tmy.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.tilt_azimuth_scan.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.ts_gid_df.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.utilities.write_gids.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.csv_read.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.empty_weather_ds.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.emtpy_weather_ds.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.get.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.get_NSRDB.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.get_NSRDB_fnames.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.get_anywhere.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.get_satellite.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.ini_h5_geospatial.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.is_leap_year.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.map_meta.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.map_weather.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.read.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.read_h5.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.repeat_annual_time_series.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.roll_tmy.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.weather_distributed.rst
docs/source/_autosummary/pvdeg.weather.write.rst
docs/source/_static/PVDeg-Flow.svg
docs/source/_static/pvdeg.ico
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-Black.svg
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-Color.svg
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-Horiz-Color.svg
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-Horiz-black.svg
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-Horiz-white.svg
docs/source/_static/logo-vectors/PVdeg-Logo-White.svg
docs/source/_templates/module.rst
docs/source/tutorials/index.rst
docs/source/user_guide/NSRDB_API_Key.rst
docs/source/user_guide/contributing.rst
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial.rst
docs/source/user_guide/index.rst
docs/source/user_guide/installation.rst
docs/source/user_guide/materials.rst
docs/source/user_guide/meteorological-data.rst
docs/source/user_guide/montecarlo.rst
docs/source/user_guide/package_overview.rst
docs/source/user_guide/pv-variables-terms.rst
docs/source/user_guide/pysam.rst
docs/source/user_guide/Monte-Carlo-Details/Slide1.PNG
docs/source/user_guide/Monte-Carlo-Details/Slide2.PNG
docs/source/user_guide/Monte-Carlo-Details/Slide3.PNG
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/ds_res-gid-shape.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/ds_res-gid-time-shape.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/geospatial-analysis-horizontal.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/geospatial-analysis-vertical.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/geospatial-analysis.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/meta_df.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/multi-dimensional-outputs.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/weatherCube.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/weatherSheet.svg
docs/source/user_guide/geospatial-details/weather_ds.svg
docs/source/user_guide/meteorological-data-details/data_flow_chart.png
docs/source/user_guide/meteorological-data-details/nsrdb_global_coverage.jpg
docs/source/user_guide/meteorological-data-details/parallel-download.svg
docs/source/user_guide/meteorological-data-details/sequential-download.svg
docs/source/whatsnew/index.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.1.0.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.1.2.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.1.3.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.2.0.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.2.1.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.2.2.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.2.3.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.3.0.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.3.1.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.3.2.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.3.3.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.4.0.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.4.1.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.4.2.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.4.3.rst
docs/source/whatsnew/releases/v0.5.0.rst
pvdeg/__init__.py
pvdeg/cli.py
pvdeg/collection.py
pvdeg/config.py
pvdeg/decorators.py
pvdeg/degradation.py
pvdeg/design.py
pvdeg/diffusion.py
pvdeg/fatigue.py
pvdeg/geospatial.py
pvdeg/geospatialscenario.py
pvdeg/humidity.py
pvdeg/letid.py
pvdeg/montecarlo.py
pvdeg/pysam.py
pvdeg/scenario.py
pvdeg/spectral.py
pvdeg/standards.py
pvdeg/store.py
pvdeg/symbolic.py
pvdeg/temperature.py
pvdeg/utilities.py
pvdeg/weather.py
pvdeg.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pvdeg.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pvdeg.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pvdeg.egg-info/entry_points.txt
pvdeg.egg-info/requires.txt
pvdeg.egg-info/top_level.txt
pvdeg/data/AApermeation.json
pvdeg/data/Degradation Database.xlsm
pvdeg/data/DegradationDatabase.json
pvdeg/data/H2Opermeation.json
pvdeg/data/O2permeation.json
pvdeg/data/OPAL2.pvl
pvdeg/data/PVL_GenProfile.xlsx
pvdeg/data/kinetic_parameters.json
pvdeg/data/module test data.csv
pvdeg/data/module_temperature.csv
pvdeg/data/psm3.csv
pvdeg/data/psm3_demo.csv
pvdeg/data/spectra.csv
pvdeg/data/wyller data.csv
pvdeg/data/xeff_demo.csv
pvdeg/data/xeff_demo.xlsx
scripts/relief-plot.ipynb
scripts/batch/inspire.py
scripts/batch/slurmrunner.py
scripts/batch/submit_co_inspire.sh
scripts/batch/test.py
scripts/debug/01_pvsamv1.json
scripts/debug/debug-ground-irradiance.ipynb
scripts/debug/small_usa_geometa.pkl
scripts/debug/small_usa_geoweather.pkl
scripts/inspire_notebooks/ground_irradiance_with_colorbar.gif
scripts/inspire_notebooks/inspire_CO.ipynb
scripts/inspire_notebooks/inspire_MERGE.ipynb
scripts/inspire_notebooks/pysam_america.ipynb
scripts/inspire_notebooks/pysam_geospatial.ipynb
scripts/inspire_notebooks/pysam_wrangling.ipynb
scripts/weather_notebooks/load_pvgis.ipynb
tests/__init__.py
tests/sandbox.ipynb
tests/test_collection.py
tests/test_degradation.py
tests/test_design.py
tests/test_diffusion.py
tests/test_fatigue.py
tests/test_geospatial.py
tests/test_humidity.py
tests/test_letid.py
tests/test_montecarlo.py
tests/test_scenario.py
tests/test_spectral.py
tests/test_standards.py
tests/test_symbolic.py
tests/test_temperature.py
tests/test_utilities.py
tests/test_weather.py
tests/data/1d-oxygen-profile.csv
tests/data/WeatherFile_SAM_NREL.csv
tests/data/correlated_samples_arrhenius.csv
tests/data/distributed_pvgis_meta.csv
tests/data/distributed_pvgis_weather.nc
tests/data/epw_pytest.epw
tests/data/gid_x.csv
tests/data/gid_x_timeshift.csv
tests/data/h5_pytest.h5
tests/data/humidity_template.nc
tests/data/injection-outdoors.csv
tests/data/input_day_pytest.csv
tests/data/input_year_pytest.csv
tests/data/letid-lab.csv
tests/data/letid-outdoors.csv
tests/data/materials.json
tests/data/meta.json
tests/data/monte_carlo_arrhenius.csv
tests/data/noCorrEmpty_samples_arrhenius.csv
tests/data/noCorrR0_arrhenius.csv
tests/data/psm3_pytest.csv
tests/data/pvgis_pytest.csv
tests/data/repins-device-params-timesteps.csv
tests/data/repins-timesteps.csv
tests/data/spectra_pytest.csv
tests/data/summit-meta.csv
tests/data/summit-standoff-res.csv
tests/data/summit-weather.nc
tests/data/temperatures.csv
tests/data/test-scenario.json
tests/data/tmy3_new_pytest.csv
tests/data/tmy3_pytest.csv
tests/data/weather_day_pytest.csv
tests/data/weather_year_T0Tinfx0_test.csv
tests/data/weather_year_pytest.csv
tests/data/xeff_test.csv
tutorials_and_tools/README.md
tutorials_and_tools/_config.yml
tutorials_and_tools/_toc.yml
tutorials_and_tools/intro.md
tutorials_and_tools/pvdeg_logo.png
tutorials_and_tools/references.bib
tutorials_and_tools/requirements.txt
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/README.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/environment.pickle
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/intro.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/2 - Degradation.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/3 - Spectral Degradation.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/4 - Standards.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/5 - Weather Database Access.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/ASTM Live Demo.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/LETID - Accelerated Test.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor LETID.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials/LETID - Passivated Wafer.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/.doctrees/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.doctree
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/.buildinfo
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/README.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/genindex.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/index.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/intro.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/objects.inv
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/search.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/searchindex.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/107f7fef49ab36e6af4427e6bb3ede63b6f2c49cc28e8bed9978b78a2fc25f9d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/12a7219e98973ba28ce9b9e91603d8be0bc62fd2db687db91b2a8295e3e9714e.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/14c37892c8b58d28a264bc3509c0dff9bd00e18d854f76e1d1ff0d71676be23e.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/289ba833c6ff3492e05e012cae1722ae2fe80ee499727ea3af871df5db449f6a.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/4f6a6327b2f96578f28da787a302c436c791ca65967f80eaf6df5a15c42608a0.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/62a814bc767852db0cebc742523497450f2876ebff4bfd96d0b728e8c9869e42.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/640486cb8d5836d69776fccd5472e808cd03e0b0679c4caa4b2e126fa443a74d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/7301c268ac687a32bd45452ecc8d61117aab373d7340c4c1edfb6fe460f26fdb.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/78392251ce93847fb1ad4d1529db2f12af2762c68e879e813c52d20184f31e13.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/85d967582ae2bb9bb9a45e1cfc91f4634d41142ea9a3c7811ec4050e970c4b79.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/889fab6bd387f5c1cdbd3697ad508d07ce25e0cdb2e338b73bc4dfe058bf0a73.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/8ca345321f03990ea6b8c541d35c9bee777190fd1b6c82a55946243f011a679f.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/CAMS Radiation Satellite map.jpg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/NSRDB Graphic Update 2021.jpg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/NSRDB PSM3 Satellite map.jpg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/NSRDB-data-viewer.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/PVGIS Default Solar Radiation Database 100ppi_1.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/SARAH (PVGIS) Satellite map.jpg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/a2338a98873f28f70d1022004561bd420f0a2a046ffe926049540d55dce3db7b.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/a4fc985792ddf3301a6a1d2d827a30e4560482ae6f665332ca5c34c00581af44.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/ac084646d15990889dcd2453552e192a0b45c4987bb90ff10cb7156a089d55d8.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/b95b6944f31d700b58e70ea247d251a83ec48611c97d99de2a3f0386d6f85e65.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/baa77bfc7071cdb8dbe6db743471f2623e8fa6b4caa5fe081a934a0a95e677a5.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/bb1b5e01b51209571f7c16f07967b106d6b7cfedf39d36bf3b1ed247f7603e34.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/ca65efc28b548b68b33737945575b7cfd758488337a0e5c3090e05b68d166c40.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/d1e14a95a0238c112b229d421d9d9cb6dcb41467c123c119e2f9d85ef491d62d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/d36a4cab4a9ad1f61e5f22cbfdc128d6c8059725a5c531be5766a5ae26006893.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/e4247cbd99ddedad38a3ec627def7d83e55865e57f15ac7db963704e8b99f3f8.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/e49f2de7f2cc33da5133d8bce4be8c74fff7e2129acc0fe1d8d0af0755ad9c15.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/f8b7c3747a7fc0703bb86ab35f35f084437bbba1384c14d2b44ab5c509adcff6.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_images/tutorial_1_NSRDB_example.PNG
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/README.md
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/intro.md
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/2 - Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/3 - Spectral Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/4 - Standards.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/5 - Weather Database Access.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/ASTM Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/LETID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor LETID.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials/LETID - Passivated Wafer.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sources/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sphinx_design_static/design-style.1e8bd061cd6da7fc9cf755528e8ffc24.min.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_sphinx_design_static/design-tabs.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/_sphinx_javascript_frameworks_compat.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/basic.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/check-solid.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/clipboard.min.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/copy-button.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/copybutton.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/copybutton.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/copybutton_funcs.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/design-style.1e8bd061cd6da7fc9cf755528e8ffc24.min.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/design-style.4045f2051d55cab465a707391d5b2007.min.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/design-tabs.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/doctools.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/documentation_options.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/file.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/jquery-3.6.0.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/jquery.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/language_data.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/minus.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/mystnb.4510f1fc1dee50b3e5859aac5469c37c29e427902b24a333a5f9fcb2f0b3ac41.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/play-solid.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/plus.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/pygments.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/sbt-webpack-macros.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/searchtools.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/sphinx-thebe.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/sphinx-thebe.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/sphinx_highlight.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/togglebutton.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/togglebutton.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/underscore-1.13.1.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/underscore.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/webpack-macros.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/images/logo_binder.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/images/logo_colab.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/images/logo_deepnote.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/images/logo_jupyterhub.svg
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ar/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/bg/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/bn/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ca/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/cs/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/da/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/de/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/el/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/eo/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/es/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/et/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/fi/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/fr/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/hr/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/id/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/it/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/iw/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ja/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ko/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/lt/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/lv/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ml/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/mr/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ms/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/nl/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/no/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/pl/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/pt/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ro/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ru/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/sk/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/sl/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/sr/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/sv/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ta/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/te/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/tg/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/th/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/tl/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/tr/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/uk/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/ur/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/vi/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/locales/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/booktheme.po
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/bootstrap.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/bootstrap.js.LICENSE.txt
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/bootstrap.js.map
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js.map
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/sphinx-book-theme.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/scripts/sphinx-book-theme.js.map
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/bootstrap.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/bootstrap.css.map
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/pydata-sphinx-theme.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/pydata-sphinx-theme.css.map
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/sphinx-book-theme.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/styles/theme.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/LICENSE.txt
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/css/all.min.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-brands-400.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-brands-400.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-regular-400.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-regular-400.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-solid-900.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-solid-900.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-v4compatibility.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.1.2/webfonts/fa-v4compatibility.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/LICENSE.txt
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/js/all.min.js
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/js/all.min.js.LICENSE.txt
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-brands-400.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-brands-400.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-regular-400.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-regular-400.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-solid-900.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-solid-900.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-v4compatibility.ttf
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/_static/vendor/fontawesome/6.5.1/webfonts/fa-v4compatibility.woff2
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/2 - Degradation.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/3 - Spectral Degradation.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/4 - Standards.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/5 - Weather Database Access.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/ASTM Live Demo.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/LETID - Accelerated Test.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor LETID.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials/LETID - Passivated Wafer.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/html/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.html
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/107f7fef49ab36e6af4427e6bb3ede63b6f2c49cc28e8bed9978b78a2fc25f9d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/12a7219e98973ba28ce9b9e91603d8be0bc62fd2db687db91b2a8295e3e9714e.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/14c37892c8b58d28a264bc3509c0dff9bd00e18d854f76e1d1ff0d71676be23e.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/289ba833c6ff3492e05e012cae1722ae2fe80ee499727ea3af871df5db449f6a.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/4f6a6327b2f96578f28da787a302c436c791ca65967f80eaf6df5a15c42608a0.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/62a814bc767852db0cebc742523497450f2876ebff4bfd96d0b728e8c9869e42.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/640486cb8d5836d69776fccd5472e808cd03e0b0679c4caa4b2e126fa443a74d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/7301c268ac687a32bd45452ecc8d61117aab373d7340c4c1edfb6fe460f26fdb.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/78392251ce93847fb1ad4d1529db2f12af2762c68e879e813c52d20184f31e13.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/85d967582ae2bb9bb9a45e1cfc91f4634d41142ea9a3c7811ec4050e970c4b79.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/889fab6bd387f5c1cdbd3697ad508d07ce25e0cdb2e338b73bc4dfe058bf0a73.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/8ca345321f03990ea6b8c541d35c9bee777190fd1b6c82a55946243f011a679f.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/a2338a98873f28f70d1022004561bd420f0a2a046ffe926049540d55dce3db7b.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/a4fc985792ddf3301a6a1d2d827a30e4560482ae6f665332ca5c34c00581af44.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/ac084646d15990889dcd2453552e192a0b45c4987bb90ff10cb7156a089d55d8.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/b95b6944f31d700b58e70ea247d251a83ec48611c97d99de2a3f0386d6f85e65.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/baa77bfc7071cdb8dbe6db743471f2623e8fa6b4caa5fe081a934a0a95e677a5.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/bb1b5e01b51209571f7c16f07967b106d6b7cfedf39d36bf3b1ed247f7603e34.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/ca65efc28b548b68b33737945575b7cfd758488337a0e5c3090e05b68d166c40.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/d1e14a95a0238c112b229d421d9d9cb6dcb41467c123c119e2f9d85ef491d62d.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/d36a4cab4a9ad1f61e5f22cbfdc128d6c8059725a5c531be5766a5ae26006893.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/e4247cbd99ddedad38a3ec627def7d83e55865e57f15ac7db963704e8b99f3f8.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/e49f2de7f2cc33da5133d8bce4be8c74fff7e2129acc0fe1d8d0af0755ad9c15.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/f8b7c3747a7fc0703bb86ab35f35f084437bbba1384c14d2b44ab5c509adcff6.png
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/2 - Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/3 - Spectral Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/4 - Standards.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/5 - Weather Database Access.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/ASTM Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/LETID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor LETID.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials/LETID - Passivated Wafer.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/_build/jupyter_execute/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/1 - Basics, Humidity, Design.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/2 - Degradation.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/3 - Spectral Degradation.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/4 - Weather Database Access.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/ASTM Live Demo.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/B-O LID - Accelerated Test.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Custom-Functions-Nopython.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/DuraMAT Live Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/DuraMAT Live Demo.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Geospatial - Local Scenario.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Geospatial Templates.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Geospatial_world_map.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Accelerated Test.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Geospatial Demo.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Geospatial Demo.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor LETID.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Outdoor Scenario Based on Accelerated Test Result.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/LETID - Passivated Wafer.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Monte Carlo - Arrhenius.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Monte Carlo - Arrhenius.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Monte Carlo - Standoff.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Monte Carlo - Standoff.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/PYSam.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Pysam - Single Location.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Scenario - Geographical Features.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Scenario - Geospatial.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Scenario - Non-uniform Mountain Prefferential Downselect.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Scenario - Single Location.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Scenario - Temperatrure.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/T98_70C_standoff_Map.png
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Edge Seal Oxygen Ingress.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Tools - Module Standoff for IEC TS 63126.py
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/Van't Hoff Degradation Model.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/load_nsrdb_distributed.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/load_pvgis_distributed.ipynb
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/temperature and degradation.json
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/images/T98_70C_standoff_Map.png
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/images/tutorial_1_NSRDB_example.PNG
tutorials_and_tools/tutorials_and_tools/images/xarray.webp