.TH ANKIDOC 1 2024-12-31 "ankidoc v0.2.0"
.
.SH NAME

ankidoc \- convert asciidoc notes to anki notes
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.
.SY ankidoc
.B \-h, \-\-help
.YS
.
.SY ankidoc
.B \-v, \-\-version
.YS
.
.SY ankidoc
.RB "[ " \-d " | " \-l " | " \-n " ]"
.RB [ \-a
.IR ATTR ]
.RB [ \-D
.IR DECK ]
.RB [ \-L
.IR LV ]
.RB [ \-N
.IR TYPE ]
.RB [ \-o
.IR OUT ]
.I files
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.
\fBankidoc\fP is a short python script intended to make writing anki notes in
asciidoc easier. It can be used to generate a text file for import into anki
from notes written in asciidoc.
.
.P
The asciidoc notes need to be in a specific format in order for the script to
be able to work with them; The idea is that each note \(em or at least each of
the notes the user wants to have in one deck \(em is assigned a unique ID. It
is then split into two asciidoc files, one with the content of the front side
of the note, and one of the back side. These two files must now be saved as
\fIID.front\fP and \fIID.back\fP, ID being the unique note ID that was assigned
to the note.
.
.P
Then the list of \fI.front\fP files desired to be in the final import file can
be passed to \fBankidoc\fP. The script will then find the corresponding
\fI.back\fP files (which have to be in the same directory), convert all files
to HTML using the
.BR asciidoctor (1)
utility and output a properly formatted anki import file named \fIout\fP. The
name and location of the output file can be adjusted using the \fB-o\fP option.
.
.P
In addition to the \fIID.front\fP and \fIID.back\fP files, there is also the
option to add a third file into the mix, the \fIID.tags\fP file. It should
contain a space-separated list of tags that are to be added to the note. This
is, however, entirely optional. If no \fI.tags\fP file can be found, the tags
column of the resulting note will simply be empty.
.
.SS MODES
.
Besides the default mode described above, \fBankidoc\fP supports additional
modes that work slightly differently.
.
.TP
.B Notegen mode
In notegen mode \(em selected by specifying the \fB-n\fP option \(em
\fBankidoc\fP will only take in one single front file, find its corresponding
back file, convert both sides and output a \(dqnote\(dq file, which essentially
corresponds to a single note how it would appear in the final import file
generated in default mode. These note files can then be linked into an anki
import file using the link mode.
.
.TP
.B Link mode
In link mode \(em selected by specifying the \fB-l\fP option \(em \fBankidoc\fP
will treat the input files as \(dqnote\(dq files and link them into an anki
import file.
.
.TP
.B Docgen mode
Similarly to the notegen mode, when running in docgen mode, \fBankidoc\fP will
only take in a single front file, but instead of producing HTML formatted as a
note file, it produces an asciidoc document.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.
.TP
.BI "\-a, \-\-attributes " ATTR
Specify any asciidoc(tor) attributes. Whatever string is specified here will be
passed on as\-is to the \fB-a\fP argument of the 
.BR asciidoctor (1)
command.
.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-docgen
Run \fBankidoc\fP in docgen mode.
.
.TP
.BI "\-D, \-\-deck " DECK
Specify a deck name, which will be set as default deck in the import file.
.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-front\-matter
When running in docgen mode, add front matter in TOML to the output, for use in
static site generators like HUGO or 11ty.
.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-link
Run \fBankidoc\fP in link mode.
.
.TP
.BI "\-L, \-\-loglevel " LV
Select a logging level from \(dqDEBUG\(dq, \(dqINFO\(dq, \(dqWARNING\(dq,
\(dqERROR\(dq, \(dqCRITICAL\(dq.
.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-notegen
Run \fBankidoc\fP in notegen mode.
.
.TP
.BI "\-N, \-\-notetype " TYPE
Specify a note type, which will be set as default note type in the import file.
.
.TP
.BI "\-o, \-\-output " OUT
Specify the desired output filename.
.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Display version information.
.
.TP
.I files
Specify the files to operate on. Note that these generally have to be
\fI.front\fP files with existing corresponding \fI.back\fP files in oder for
\fBankidoc\fP to work. This is except when operating in link mode, in which
case this option has to be one single \fI.note\fP file.
.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.
.TP
.B 1
Failure.
.
.SH NOTES
For \fBankidoc\fP to work you'll have to have
.BR asciidoctor (1)
installed, as this is the program \fBankidoc\fP uses to convert the asciidoc to
HTML.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.
.nh
.BR asciidoctor (1)
.
.P
.UR https://asciidoctor.org
.UE
